mysql> INSERT INTO food
       VALUES ('Id','ing1','ing2','ing3','name','description');
	   
	  VALUES ('1','paprika','cream','meat','Fried meat with creamy paprika','This one is easy. Wash meat and pat it with paper towel until its dry. Add Vegetable oil on the pan. Slice meat in cubes and add to the pan. Fry on medium heat until meat turns gold. Wash paprika and cut it in slices. Add paprika to the pan together with cream. Keep subtance on low heat untill hot');
	  VALUES ('2','paprika','tomatoes','meat','French style meath with paprika','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer for 40-45 minutes.');
	  VALUES ('3','cream','tomatoes','potato','Cream potatoes with tomatoes','This one is easy. Peel the potatoes aand wash it after. Cut potatoes in wedges and place into the pan on high heat. Fry potato until  it gets crispy. Wash tomatoes and cut in cubes. Mix tomatoes in the bowl and add cream. Serve it  as salad side.');
	  VALUES ('4','tomatoes','potato','meat','French style meat with potatoes','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer for 40-45 minutes.');
	  VALUES ('5','rice','potato','meat','Fried meat with rice and potatoe pattie','Wash meat and pat it with paper towel until its dry. Add Vegetable oil on the pan. Slice meat in cubes and add to the pan. Fry on medium heat until meat turn gold. Take rice and wash it few times to ensure its clean. Take pot and add water in it. Add rice and boil untill water is gone. Serve it with meat. Peel potatoes and mix it with flower. Take mixture and place pancake shape on the pan. Fry until golden. Serve this as snack to the main dish.');
	  VALUES ('6','paprika','rice','meat','Pilaf','Wash the meat, dry it, cut into pieces. Peel, wash and chop the vegetables into strips.  To warm a cauldron. Pour in vegetable oil. Well fry it.  Put prepared meat. Cook everything until the meat is covered with a fried crust, about 10 minutes.  Add all ingredients and cook pilaf over high heat without a lid until the liquid has completely evaporated, about 10-15 minutes.');
	  VALUES ('7','rice','tomatoes','meat','Fried meat with rice','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Cut the vegetables, add to the meat, fry everything together, stirring occasionally, for several minutes. Add a little water, about half a glass, cover and simmer over low heat for 40-45 minutes. Rinse the rice well. Put rice in a pan with meat and vegetables, put tomatoes on top. Boil. Cook over low heat until liquid is completely gone, about 20 minutes.');
	  VALUES ('8','paprika','rice','tomatoes','Vegan Plov','Peel, wash and cut the vegetables into strips.  Pre heat  pot before cooking. Pour in vegetable oil. Well fry it.  Add all ingredients and cook pilaf over high heat without a lid until the liquid has completely evaporated, about 10-15 minutes.');
	  VALUES ('9','paprika','rice','cream','Risotto','Fry onions. It should soften, but it shall not get over fried .Add rice and paprika and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly. Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water. ');
	  VALUES ('10','rice','cream','tomatoes','Risotto','Fry onions. It should soften, but it shall not get over fried .Add rice and tomatoes and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling. It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, but the risotto itself should have a creamy consistency. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water.');
	  VALUES ('11','rice','cream','potato','Fried Rice with potato patties ','Fry onions. It should soften, but it shall not get over fried . Add rice  and fry for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.  Grains should be saturated with oil and become translucent. Add water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff, If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water. Place rice on preheated pan with vegetable oil. Fery untill slightly golden. Peel potatoes and mix it with flower. Take mixture and place pancake shape on the pan. Fry until golden. Serve this as snack to the main dish together with cream.');
	  VALUES ('12','rice','cream','meat','Plov','Fry onions. He should soften, but not brown.Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Add rice into water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. Stire rice  constantly. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water. Move meat and rice into pot, add cream and cook on medium heat for 20 mintues.');
	  VALUES ('13','paprika','rice','potato','Rice with vegatable pattie','Add rice into water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. Stire rice  constantly. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water. Wash vegetables. Peel potato and cut in thin strips. Wash paprika. Silce it in strips and  mix vegetables with flower adding water that is turn a into sticky mass. Take mixture and place pancake shape on the pan. Fry until golden. Serve this as snack to the main dishes.');
	  VALUES ('14','rice','tomatoes','potato','Rice Salad with fried potatoes',' Wash and peel potatoes. Fry the potatoes in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides.  Add rice into water. Water must be hot, but not boiling.  It takes about 20–25 minutes to cook rice. Stire rice  constantly. The rice grains should remain slightly stiff. If it turns out to be a little dry, pour more water. Take rice out and let it cool down. Wash tomatoes and cut in wedges. Mix rice and tomatoes together. Serve with main dish.');
	  VALUES ('15','paprika','cream','tomatoes','Creamy salad mix','Wash and clean the vegetables. Cut paprika and tomates into cubes. Add them in the bowel and season them with spices. Add  cream into the mix and lets salad stand for 10 minutes to release flaivor.');
	  VALUES ('16','paprika','cream','potato','Baked paprika with creamy potato filling','Wash and clean the vegatbles. Peel the potatoes and wash them. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Pre heat oven to 200 'C. Cut off paprikas top and place fried potatoes inside. Add cream between feeling sections. Place peppers inside oven. Bake them for 20 mintues.');
	  VALUES ('17','paprika','tomatoes','potato','Baked vegetables with tomato salad','Wash and clean the vegatbles. Peel the potatoes and wash them. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Pre heat oven to 200 'C. Cut off paprikas top and place fried potatoes inside. Add cream between feeling sections. Place peppers inside oven. Bake them for 20 mintues . Meanwhile cit tomatoes in slices and add as side dish.');
	  VALUES ('18','paprika','potato','meat','Fried meat with vegetable salad',' Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Fry the potatoes in vegeatble oil over high heat untill slightly golden on all sides. Cut paprika into slices and add as side dish.');
	  VALUES ('19','cream','tomatoes','meat','Fried meat with tomato salad','Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Fry the meat in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Add cream.  Wash and cut the tomatoes. Place tomatoes into the bowel. Add spices and cream to the tomatoes. Mix until everything is well combined. Serve meat and salad together.');
	  VALUES ('20','cream','potato','meat','Guljash','Wash and peel the vegetables. Wash the meat, pat dry with paper towels. Cut meat in cubes  and then fry  in vegetable oil over high heat until golden brown on all sides. Add cream to the meat and cook on low heat strirring ever 2 mintues . Peel potatoes and place them into boiling water. Boil them untill they soft. Mix meat and potatoe together with cream until it reaches thick consitency. ');